sort of like they sell it and you're on
your own. They won't even explain how to
use it correctly for legal reasons. So
sometimes somebody says, "Hey, I ordered
something from this company and I just
got this little glass vial that has
white powder in it. Like what do I do
with it?" Uhoh. [laughter]
Sounds like you don't know anything
about reconstitution.
There's a little bit to learn there. And
there are websites if you Google like I
I just got a peptide. What do I do with
it? They won't tell you what to do with
it. So, I'm making this video to answer
sort of the obvious questions of what
what are these things and why are they
there?
[music]
Hi, my name is John Jish. I'm a doctor
of biomedical engineering. Today I want
to explain why there is such a thing as
research chemical websites, what they
mean, what they're used for, how you
should view them, because I think
there's a lot of confusion around this
subject. So when I say research chemical
websites, typically it's peptides that
are being sold off of these. And you'll
notice that in the header or the footer
of the website or maybe on every
description of every peptide, it says
for research purposes only, not for
human use. People see that and they
think, well, that's strange. Like, is it
for veterinary use? Like, what what are
these things for? And they
probably assume, and for for some
rightly so, that it's not for them. So,
let me explain the situation. There is
currently a battle going on in the
pharmaceutical space trying to determine
who can charge exorbitant margins on
what pharmaceuticals.
So peptides naturally occur in the body.
So you can't get a patent on a peptide
because it'd be like you know what if
you try to patent like testosterone if
you gave it patented somebody on
testosterone. Now anyone who uses
testosterone in the world has to pay
this company doesn't really make sense
especially considering it's naturally
occurring. So yeah, it shouldn't be able
to do that. But the pharmaceutical
industry is trying to get patents on
peptides and if RFK gets his way, they
will not be able to do this. So let's
all wish him the best of luck because
that would be tragic. Now having said
that, that's why there's this gray area
of research chemical websites. So
basically you can buy for example a GLP
agonist they're usually sold under GLP1
GLP 2 or GLP3 because there's singular
mechanism is like ompic the double
mechanism is monjouro that's that's like
the GLP2 and there's a third mechanism
GLP3 so three things going on to limit
your appetite and slow your digestion
down for for these effects. Now, these
websites also sell lots of other
different peptides. Some of them for
mitochondrial health, some of them for,
you know, like tessenzene for
accelerated brain activity for about 36
hours. So, these things are great, but
when you buy them from a research
website, the reason they're set up like
that is so that they're absolving
themselves of liability because you
could hurt yourself with these things.
they don't really want to be involved
with you hurting yourself and also
they're not qualified to give you the
advice that a physician would. So, it's
sort of like they sell it and you're on
your own. They won't even explain how to
use it correctly for legal reasons. So,
sometimes somebody says, "Hey, I ordered
something from this company and I just
got this little glass vial that has
white powder in it. Like, what do I do
with it?" Uh-oh. [laughter]
Sounds like you don't know anything
about reconstitution.
There's a little bit to learn there. And
there are websites if you Google like, I
I just got a peptide. What do I do with
it? They won't tell you what to do with
it. So, I'm making this video to answer
sort of the obvious questions of what
what are these things and why are they
there? So, I covered that. Who should
use
these websites? That's really a question
I can't answer because everybody's going
to have a different background.
Everybody's going to do a different
amount of reading. You can hurt yourself
if you misdose these things. And if you
get a little vial of powder and you got
to put bacteratic water in it to suspend
it before you draw it out of that little
vial and inject it in your body. And if
you ever make mistakes at math, this is
not for you because you could screw up
that math and hurt yourself. You could
even kill yourself.
Not with any of the things I mentioned,
but there there are peptides out there.
Insulin is perfect example. You take too
much insulin, you die. So proceed with
caution. But now I've answered the
question as to why those are there and
why they're set up the way they are. Uh,
if you have any questions that are not
necessarily specific to any one of these
things, but just sort of generically, I
can probably answer them. If you want to
ask specific questions about a
particular peptide supplier, I I
probably just don't know the answer. So,
leave a comment and let me know what you
think. Thanks, and I'll see you on the
next video. If this video helped you, I
want you to subscribe and follow. I'm
going to put out videos on a regular
basis. I think they're going to help a
whole lot of people, especially if
you're one of those people [music] that
doesn't just instantly grow from lifting
regular weights. We've got the answer
for you. [music]